GOAL OF THE GAME
The goal of the game is to have the opponent have the highest amount of points before you receive 
more than or equal to 100 points. To achieve this, you have to have the least number of points in your 
hand when a player declares each round. If you receive more than or equal to 100 points across any 
number of rounds, the game is over and the opponent’s total score will be your score for that game. 
A game is played until you receive more than or equal to 100 points.

CONTENTS AND SETUP
The game is played with a standard deck of 52 cards. Points are scored by the rank associated with a 
card. Cards with rank 2-10 have points equal to their rank. Face cards (J, Q, K) are all equal to 10 
points. Aces are equal to 1 point. The game starts with each player being dealt 5 cards from the deck. 
The rest of the deck is then placed face down between the players.

HOW TO PLAY
To complete a turn, you must either click the DECLARE button to end the round or by dropping cards 
from your hand. You should click the DECLARE button when you think you have the least number of 
points in your hand compared to your opponent. You must drop a single card or multiple cards of the 
same rank on each of your turns (unless you declare). To select the card(s) you want to drop, you can 
simply click on them and they will start to hover. After selecting what cards you want to drop, you 
must either click on the deck to draw a card or the discard pile to pickup the top card. All dropped 
cards will be put into the discard pile face up.

SCORING
When a player declares, the value of all of their cards are added up to get their total. Totals are then 
compared between players. If the declaring player has the lowest total, they receive 0 points and 
the opposing player receives their total as points. However, if the opposing player has a lower total 
compared to the declaring player, then the declaring player’s attempt is broken. The opposing player 
receives -10 points and the declaring player receives the total points of both players.